Release v1.3.7 (#1961)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.3.md

As Python 3.6 has reached end-of-life, and many of Nautobot's dependencies have already dropped support for Python 3.6 as a consequence, Nautobot 1.3 and later do not support installation under Python 3.6.

## v1.3.7 (2022-MM-DD)

### Added

- [#1896](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1856) - Added Renovate Bot configuration, targeting `next`.
- [#1900](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1900) - Added ability to filter repository based on provided contents.

### Changed

- [#1645](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1645) - Hide Search Bar if No AuthN and hide_restricted_ui is True
- [#1948](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1948) - Switched Renovate Bot configuration to bump lock-file only on patch releases instead of bumping in `pyproject.toml`.

### Fixed

- [#1677](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1677) - Fixed nested CustomFields (ex: on Interface) default value not applying upon Device creation.
- [#1769](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1769) - Resolve missing menu 'General / Installed Plugins' in navbar if HIDE RESTRICTED UI is activated

> - [#1836](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1836) - Fixed populating default value of FilterForm of Device view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1836](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1836) - Fixed incorrect pre-population of custom field filters in table views.
```

> - [#1870](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1870) - Fixed cable _abs_length validation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1870](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1870) - Fixed cable `_abs_length` validation error.
```

> - [#1903](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1903) - Fixed populating default value of FilterForms.

Reviewer: Possibly remove this since #1903 is a duplicate of #1836?
